What is me
Why are you pretending
Aren't you Brother West Wind?
Ah, how could I be the west wind?
I have no money
No money yet, right?
I have no money to support you.
What do you want?
You are here, I am you, you are what you are
I called someone
Is that right? Then you shout
Anyway, there are only the two of us in the house today.
You scream your throat and no one comes to save you
I am a cell, I confess.
Then why are you helping me?
Don't I see that my uncle is seriously ill?
So I want to help you, right?
Why do I think you are interested in me?
How is that possible?
I don't believe you don't mean me
I really don't have it.
Then I'd like to see if it's true
What do you want?
Of course I'm going to the toilet
Come to my kitchen, dead kitchen, come, come, have a drink!
You drink
OK
Oops, drink well?
It tastes good. Have another drink. How about this wine?
Hahahaha
Brother Liu, come and drink together, hahaha.
Go out first hahaha
Ahahaha Wang Shao
Why didn't you see your lady next door today?
Instead, he remembered me
Well, miss
I got messed up by a hillbilly
How is your painter?
Oops don't mention it
Failed to get caught up in it by a guy
Hey, Wang Shao, but your idea is really okay
Hahahahaha, right?
I actually have another sentence
You go out and find a master
You just need to let the master
Let the kiss bowl go to the teacher
This is once worshiped by the teacher
Can't you do whatever you want?
Hey, it's really Wang Shou
Hahaha, come to respect you, come to respect you
Come and go one
Oops um
Oops, oops, how did you let the beauty go?
Come and come again come and come
Let's play with these little apples together.